
We would like to invite new users to BRIDGES, a toolset for use in introductory CS courses: CS1, CS2, Data structures, and Algorithm Analysis at the undergraduate level.  

What is BRIDGES?

BRIDGES provides two capabilities, (1) simplified access to interesting, engaging real-world datasets for use in routine class projects without compromising course rigor, and, (2) visualizations of the data used, constructed data structures or algorithm analysis performed by the student.  

How does BRIDGES help CS instructors, i.e. you?

Your students will work on more engaging and relevant assignments that are tuned to their interests and challenges. In addition to supporting  the most common data structures, BRIDGES has support for 2D games and algorithmic benchmarking that can be used to teach core CS concepts in a more engaging manner.  A repository of BRIDGES assignments further makes it convenient for instructors to adopt and integrate BRIDGES into their own course assignments, with starter code, descriptions, example outputs; solutions are available and provided separately to instructors based on request. 

Students have Choices now

Rather than do prescribed assignments,  we have begun offering multiple assignments that target the same learning outcomes. This makes it possible for students to choose from a small set of assignments for their project. We believe student choices will further engage students and can lead to better performance.

Call for New Users:

In addition to  extensive documentation of BRIDGES, the BRIDGES team will provide one-on-one support, working with instructors to help integrate BRIDGES into their course.  We are interested in attracting new users to BRIDGES and have stipends available  to support the adoption and collect student feedback.

Stipends are available for participants as well as some student support to
help integrate BRIDGES.

If the above interests you, please  follow this link for more information and contact any  us below. Thank you.

http://bridgesuncc.github.io/opportunities.html

Kalpathi Subramanian (Computer Science, UNC Charlotte), (krs@uncc.edu)
Erik Saule (Computer Science, UNC Charlotte),(esaule@uncc.edu)
Jamie Payton (Computer Science, Temple University),(payton@temple.edu)
